Your brother, please listen to my explanation.
OK, I want to hear how you want to go.
I don’t miss you, but I dare to buy a bear and kill someone.
Don't deny it, it was you who made the engagement.
Hold the comforting danger of light exchange.
In the past, I just thought that your humanity was revered,
We can only change our family lightly, but we also want to kill him.
I don't. From the day you and your mother entered my house,
I will go to Changming's house with you, mother and daughter.
That night three years ago. I even begged you in a low voice,
I promise I will never pay it back in my life
Don’t you understand until now?
When I get married
Even without Su Qiulin
Are you so careful about being seen?
I leave their heads to their hearts
Why are you also a miss?
So I won’t despise my wrist anymore
You're just waiting to go to jail